- [Instructor] JPA providers use entity annotations
to determine how to persist our entities to a database.
Let's take a look at some of these annotations
and map one of our entities.
So here we have the catalog item class.
It's just a basic POJO
and we're going to turn this class into an entity
by just adding the entity annotation.
Another class-level annotation that we can add
to our entities is the table annotation,
and this allows us to specify the name of the table
within the relational database
that corresponds with this entity.
So there you can see we are mapping the catalog item class
to the catalog_item table within our database.
Now we can move onto the field-level annotations,
so we're going to use the ID annotation
to indicate that the item ID is our primary key
on this entity,
and we can go ahead and specify the column name here.
We'll just call this the catalog item underscore ID column.
You'll notice it doesn't need to match up
with the field name,
and then for primary key columns,
we use the generated annotation,
and this is a way to indicate to the JPA provider
that this key is going to be a surrogate key generated
by some sort of mechanism.
Relational databases have several different ways
they can create these surrogate keys,
whether that's through a sequence or an auto number.
And in order to specify that,
we can do several things.
There's a strategy element on this annotation,
and you can set it to several options.
One of those is auto,
and what that will do is specify a generation type,
and that generation type has several options we can select.
So auto will select the appropriate type just automatically
and then identity is used when we have an auto number,
and sequences are when we have a sequence
within the database
and then tables when the actual surrogate keys
are tracked within a table in the database.
That's not very common to use.
So we're going to go ahead and set this to auto,
so we'll allow the JPA provider to select the strategy
based upon our underlying data store,
and then we need to specify that annotation
as generated value,
and we can go ahead and import that.
And then from here,
it's as simple as mapping all of our columns.
Now there are some defaults
where it will automatically generate the column names.
I like to explicitly provide these
so that we can see the mapping to our underlying database.
It definitely helps if you have other individuals working
on the project and it can also be helpful for picking up
on any errors that may be occurring.
So we're just specifying the database column names
that are associated with these different columns.
So here, we'll assign the available date column
to our available date field.
Now one adjustment we need to make
is you'll notice this constructor
is now accepting an item ID.
That's no longer going to be the case
because instead of us kind of doing our own incrementing
of the ID,
we're going to allow the underlying relational database
to create the surrogate key for our entity,
so we're just going to go ahead,
remove that logic from the constructor,
and that's going to cause a few issues within our application,
but it's nothing we can't fix.
So there, you see an error within the JSF application
and that's because we're calling this constructor
and passing in our item ID.
So let's just go ahead.
We'll take that out
and we no longer need this code.
And then if we take a look,
you'll see that our project compiles once again,
and we have successfully mapped our first entity,
the catalog item.
So a JPA provider will be able to look at these annotations
and generate the underlying SQL needed
to perform all sorts of CRUD operations for this entity.